Text: Joy by\nThe Village in the Middle of the Fields\nWith Zhang Lin\nThe Wharf of Yesterday\nHouse that was once popularly known as Joey by It is a small village located in the atmosphere of serenity and old countryside. Looking through the surrounding fields The mountain range could be seen as a distant, dark horizon, almost all around.\nmu\nThat morning. while standing in the sunshine by the wide field Among the sounds of ravens mixed with sounds familiar but not understood. I felt some sensations that had never appeared in my mind before.\n That was the pride of Chinese descent, blended into a fully Thai identity.\nSince I can remember, from that moment on, the mission that brought me to mainland China for the first time in my life\nand to the village. this It also had a deeper meaning than just searching for the history of the Wang Li family\n to do this.In this ancestral village There is a large square pond in the traditional Chinese village style. While every house is still a house in the old Chinese architecture style. So it seems that this little village has been asleep for fifty years, waking up to the present era some distance away at the edge of the village. which has a brand new school located It is a school that was just completed.\nIn 1994, with a Chinese government grant, along with a grant from Thai people who were descended from Zhoui ancestors,\nThe people of this village counted themselves as relatives. almost the whole village Not less than 80 percent\nBeing a "Tang people", which is the clan of the Wang Li family\nMiddle ocean price\n17 Caoy by the villages at Klang Thung and Zhang Lin Pier yesterday, Ban at timesIt used to be popularly known as Caoi, a small village situated in an atmosphere of serenity and pristine countryside, looking through the surrounding fields to see the distant horizon, the dark blue horizon. Surrounding the group that morning, while standing in the clear sun by the open field, amongst the sounds of ravens mixed with sounds of familiar but incomprehensible language, I experienced something that had never occurred in my heart, that is, Proud of the Chinese ancestry that blended into the person who had a full Thai identity since I can remember, from that moment the mission that brought me to mainland China for the first time in my life and arrived in this village was deeply saddened.Going deeper than just searching for the history of the Wang Li family to make a memorial book for the royal cremation of older relatives in this ancestral village, there is a large square pond in traditional Chinese village style. The roofs are still houses in the style of old Chinese architecture, so it seems that this little village has slept for 50 years and will wake up in response to the present era, some far away, at the edge of the village where a brand new school is located. which was just completed in 1994, with the Chinese government's capital, along with the assistance from the Thai people who descended from the Zi ancestors, by the people of this village counting themselves asThey are relatives, almost the whole village, not less than 80 percent, are "Tang people", which is the clan of the Wang Li family.